Feat:  theming docs (#1636)
vtex/faststore: apps/site/pages/docs/customizing.mdx

      </>
    }
  ></SectionItem>
  <SectionItem
    title="Spacing"
    actionPath="/docs/global-tokens/spacing"
    description={
      <>
        All tokens used for spacings on the store: <code>padding</code>,{' '}
        <code>margins</code> and <code>sizes</code>. It's also used as base for
        grid tokens.
      </>
    }
  ></SectionItem>
  <SectionItem
    title="Grid & Layout"
    actionPath="/docs/global-tokens/grid-and-layout"
    description={
      <>
        <code>Padding</code>, <code>Container</code>, <code>Gaps</code> and{' '}
        <code>Breakpoints</code> definitions.
      </>
    }
  ></SectionItem>
  <SectionItem
    title="Interactive Controls"
    actionPath="/docs/global-tokens/interactive-controls"
    description={
      <>
        <code>Tap</code>, <code>States</code> and <code>Sizing</code>{' '}
        definitions.
      </>
    }
  ></SectionItem>
  <SectionItem
    title="Refinements"
    actionPath="/docs/global-tokens/refinements"
    description={
      <>
        <code>Transition</code>, <code>Borders</code> and <code>Shadow</code>{' '}
        definitions.
      </>
    }
  ></SectionItem>
</SectionList>

---

## Build your new theme

> 1. Create a new `.scss` file on `src/themes` (e.g. `my-theme.scss`) in your starter project, and add the tokens you want to overwrite inside the `.theme` class:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new `.scss` file on `src/themes` (e.g. `my-theme.scss`) in your [starter project](https://github.com/vtex-sites/starter.store), and add the tokens you want to overwrite inside the `.theme` class:
```

Reviewer: Should we link the starter repo here? 🤔

import { SectionItem, SectionList } from 'site/components/SectionItem'

<header className="hero">

# Customizing

**Design tokens** are parameters that affect all UI look 'n' feel and they are the **main configuration** file of a Theme. Component-specific tokens often inherit from global tokens but are named specifically to apply those tokens in component development.

</header>

## Global Tokens

FastStore uses a default theme called `Brandless`, which provides structural styles for your components and pages. Please read [Brandless's page](/docs/brandless) to further information about our themeable architecture.

> Its presets are defined on `src/styles/global/tokens.scss` and it's separated in these main areas:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Its presets are defined on `src/base/tokens.scss` and it's separated in these main areas:
```

Reviewer: We are referring to ui package right?

`ui/src/base/tokens.scss`

Author: Nice catch!
Well, I think this is not the best way to refer to the base tokens yet. 
What do you think about adding the `tokens.scss` content at the end of the brandless section? @hellofanny @renatamottam

Author: WDYT about [this changes](https://github.com/vtex/faststore/pull/1636/commits/98d6f5e34f8862ff4489b0e25454a54839ddcce2)?

Reviewer: Agreed!
I like this latest changes :) It's better to show the file path this way 👍

      </>
    }
  ></SectionItem>
  <SectionItem
    title="Spacing"
    actionPath="/docs/global-tokens/spacing"
    description={
      <>
        All tokens used for spacings on the store: <code>padding</code>,{' '}
        <code>margins</code> and <code>sizes</code>. It's also used as base for
        grid tokens.
      </>
    }
  ></SectionItem>
  <SectionItem
    title="Grid & Layout"
    actionPath="/docs/global-tokens/grid-and-layout"
    description={
      <>
        <code>Padding</code>, <code>Container</code>, <code>Gaps</code> and{' '}
        <code>Breakpoints</code> definitions.
      </>
    }
  ></SectionItem>
  <SectionItem
    title="Interactive Controls"
    actionPath="/docs/global-tokens/interactive-controls"
    description={
      <>
        <code>Tap</code>, <code>States</code> and <code>Sizing</code>{' '}
        definitions.
      </>
    }
  ></SectionItem>
  <SectionItem
    title="Refinements"
    actionPath="/docs/global-tokens/refinements"
    description={
      <>
        <code>Transition</code>, <code>Borders</code> and <code>Shadow</code>{' '}
        definitions.
      </>
    }
  ></SectionItem>
</SectionList>

---

## Build your new theme

> 1. Create a new `.scss` file on `src/themes` and overwrite the tokens you want: e.g. `my-theme.scss`

Reviewer: I think we need to be more specific here. 
Where should we add this src/themes folder? In the store project?
